## Meeting 2. 3rd August, 2021
- Start time: 6:00pm
- End time: 6:30pm
### Attendance
- [X] Ollie (teams)(minutes)
- [X] Aarti (teams)(Chair)
- [X] Biying (teams)
- [X] Xiaohan (teams)
- [X] Kebin (teams)
- [X] Shaun (teams)

### Agenda
- Assign Roles
- Questions for the client (Sharon):
    - Should we organise weekly / fortnightly / etc. catchup with the client?
    - the current system - what is not fulfilling your requirements? What is bad?
    - do you have an example of a good system? what do you like about it? what should be better?
    - data - which format will we get the data? is there an API? is there JSON data we can use?
    - how is the integration system going to work? an external site?
    - prototyping - should we deliver only the MiT?
    - will there be differnet access dependent on the user?
- What are our questions for Sharon?

### Reflection
- What worked?
  - Teams meeting goes very well.
- What didn't work?
  - We did'nt assign all roles yet.
- How can I improve?
  - We have decided our next meeting will continue to  discuss about the role assignment.

### Follow up actions
- each minutes in their own file
- add stakeholder questions to the document
- as long as there are 2 people who approve a draft email, it is good to go
- everyone will be in during the meeting tomorrow
- kebing will take the minutes
- all questions go through client liaison manager (Aarti)
- schedule the next team meeting to decide and discuss roles